Fathers and ministers believe that your father-in-law will help
Your father-in-law, please gently place this iron rod
Hit on this iron rod
How does your father-in-law feel?
No feeling
Please use your father-in-law's strength to breastfeed
Hit this iron rod
The role of paternal interests is mutual
On the surface, your father-in-law is beating the iron rod
But at the same time
It was also this iron rod that beat your father-in-law
This is the hard evidence that Lord Xu beat Xiao Chan
Lord Li
What else do you have to say?
How about you two?
Each has its own reason
What about this matter?
Low tide
Hahahaha
Well, a force is mutual.
Hahaha
This thirteen is getting more and more interesting
It's just bitter for you.
You think His Highness the Thirteenth is so smart
It will be the blessing of big money in the future
Saiwang Shima
Double blessing and disaster
It depends on how he solves the case
This is a big break for each other